docs: add SmartMirror README (#111)
arduino/app-bricks-examples: examples/smart-mirror/README.md

2. **Run the app from Arduino App Lab.** Deploy and start the Smart Mirror example. The backend initializes the camera, the VLM model, and the web server.

3. **Open the web interface.** Navigate to `<board-name>.local:7000` in your browser. You should see a live camera feed filling the screen with an overlay panel at the bottom.

4. **Scan your outfit.** Tap the **Scan your look** button. A four-second countdown begins — step into view and strike a pose.

5. **Read your style tip.** After the countdown, the AI analyzes the captured frame. The panel displays "The mirror says:" followed by a two-sentence response: what you are wearing and a styling suggestion.

6. **Scan again.** Tap **Scan again** to get a new analysis. Each scan uses a different random opener for variety.

## How it Works

Once the application is running, the device performs the following operations:

```
┌────────────┐     ┌─────────────┐     ┌──────────────┐     ┌──────────────────┐
│ USB Camera │────▶│  Python     │────▶│  VLM Brick   │────▶│ Local VLM Service│
│ (30 fps)   │     │  Backend    │     │ (LangChain)  │     │ (Docker/qwen3-vl)│

> └────────────┘     └──┬──────┬──┘     └──────────────┘     └──────────────────┘

Reviewer: ```suggestion
┌──────────────┐     ┌──────────────┐     ┌──────────────┐     ┌───────────────────┐
│  USB Camera  │────▶│    Python    │────▶│   VLM Brick  │────▶│ Local VLM Service │
│   (30 fps)   │     │   Backend    │     │  (LangChain) │     │ (Docker/qwen3-vl) │
└──────────────┘     └──────────────┘     └──────────────┘     └───────────────────┘
```

Reviewer: Or, if you want to change it:
```
┌────────────┐     ┌──────────────────────────┐     ┌──────────────────┐
│ USB Camera │────▶│      Python Backend      │────▶│ Local VLM Service│
│  (30 fps)  │     │                          │     │    (qwen3-vl)    │
└────────────┘     │  ┌────────────────────┐  │     └──────────────────┘
                   │  │      VLM Brick     │  │
                   │  └────────────────────┘  │
                   │  ┌────────────────────┐  │
                   │  │     WebUI Brick    │  │
                   │  └────────────────────┘  │
                   └───────────┬──────────────┘
                               │
                  MJPEG stream │
                               ▼
                        ┌───────────────┐
                        │  Browser UI   │
                        │ mirror overlay│
                        └──────┬────────┘
                               │
                start_scan / analysis_result
```

                      │      │
              MJPEG   │      │ WebSocket
              stream  │      │ (analysis_result)
                      ▼      ▼
               ┌──────────────────┐
               │   Browser UI     │
               │ (mirror overlay) │
               └──────────────────┘
```

> 1. **Camera capture loop** — the `Camera` peripheral captures JPEG frames at 30 fps. Each frame is stored in a thread-safe buffer (`frame_lock`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **Camera capture loop** — the `Camera` peripheral captures JPEG frames at 30 fps. The latest frame is stored in a lock-protected shared variable (`frame_lock`).
```

2. **Video streaming** — the backend exposes a `/stream` endpoint that serves an MJPEG stream. The browser displays this as a full-screen background image.
3. **Scan trigger** — when the user taps "Scan your look", the frontend sends a `start_scan` WebSocket event after a four-second countdown.

> 4. **AI analysis** — the backend grabs the latest frame and calls `vlm.chat()` with a randomized prompt built from `prompt.yaml`. The VLM identifies the most prominent clothing item, its color, and generates a two-sentence response.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. **AI analysis** — the backend grabs the latest frame and calls `vlm.chat()` using the predefined system prompt and a randomized user prompt generated from the user prompt template in `prompt.yaml`. The VLM identifies the most prominent clothing item, its color, and generates a two-sentence response.
```

5. **Result delivery** — the response is sent back to the requesting client via a `analysis_result` WebSocket event and displayed in the overlay panel.

## Understanding the Code

Here is a brief explanation of the App components:

### 🔧 Backend (`main.py` & `prompt.py`)

- **VLM initialization**: The `VisionLanguageModel` is created with a system prompt from `prompt.yaml`, a lower temperature (0.4) for consistent output, and a 120-token limit to keep responses concise.

  ```python
  vlm = VisionLanguageModel(
      system_prompt=SYSTEM_PROMPT,
      temperature=0.4,
      max_tokens=120,
  )
  ```

- **Camera capture loop**: Runs continuously via `App.run(user_loop=loop)`, capturing frames at 30 fps and storing them in a thread-safe global buffer.

  ```python
  camera = Camera(fps=30, adjustments=compressed_to_jpeg())

  def loop():
      global current_frame
      frame = camera.capture()
      if frame is None:
          return
      with frame_lock:
          current_frame = frame.tobytes()
  ```

> - **Scan handler (`scan_look`)**: Grabs the current frame, sends it to the VLM with a randomized prompt, and returns the result to the requesting client via WebSocket.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Scan handler (`scan_look`)**: Grabs the current frame, sends it to the VLM with the predefined system prompt and the randomized user prompt, and returns the result to the requesting client via WebSocket.
```
